CAIP-27: Add capabilities when invoking methods (#371)
ChainAgnostic/CAIPs: CAIPs/caip-27.md

- **request** (required) - an object containing the fields:
  - **method** (required) - the JSON-RPC method to invoke (previously authorized for the targeted network)
  - **params** (required) - JSON-RPC parameters to invoke (may be empty but must be set)

> - **capabilities** (optional) - an object containing metadata discovered through a [CAIP-25][] session of capabilities exposed by the wallet to be invoked with this method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **capabilities** (optional) - an object containing metadata pertaining to a capability announced by the wallet in the [CAIP-25][] return object, to be invoked with this method
```
